Numerical data comes in all different distribution patterns and ranges.
However, some machine learning algorithms work better
when all of the features are within a similar numerical range.
A few examples of these machine learning algorithms would be PCA,
Linear regression with gradient descent,
or any algorithm that calculates Euclidean distance between points.
Changing the numerical range of data is called Normalization or Feature Scaling.
Two common ways to scale features are called Rescaling and Standardization.
With Rescaling, you take your data and scale down the range,
so that the minimum value is zero and the maximum value is one.
The distribution of the data remains the same,
but the range changes.
With Standardization, you transform the data,
so that it has a mean of zero and a standard deviation of one.
Again, the general shape of the distribution remains the same,
which means the information contained in the data hasn't changed.
However, the mean and standard deviation had been standardized.
In the next section,
you'll see how to scale features by writing some code.